Ivy compatibility guide: select and trackby docs (#42338)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ivy-compatibility.md

* If selecting the native `<option>` element in a `<select>` where the `<option>`s are created via `*ngFor`, use the `[selected]` property of an `<option>` instead of binding to the `[value]` property of the `<select>` element (previously, you could bind to either.) [details](guide/ivy-compatibility-examples#select-value-binding)

* Embedded views (such as ones created by `*ngFor`) are now inserted in front of anchor DOM comment node (e.g. `<!--ng-for-of-->`) rather than behind it as was the case previously.
  In most cases this does not have any impact on rendered DOM.

  In some cases (such as animations delaying the removal of an embedded view) any new embedded views will be inserted after the embedded view being animated away.
  This difference only last while the animation is active, and might alter the visual appearance of the animation.
  Once the animation is finished the resulting rendered DOM is identical to that rendered with View Engine.

>   One additional exception is the `<select>` form control, which will have its value reset to the value of the first `<option>` when the nested `<option>` elements are dynamically rendered via `NgForOf` without a correctly provided [`trackBy`](api/common/NgForOf#ngForTrackBy) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  One additional exception is the `<select>` element with `<option>` elements dynamically rendered via `NgForOf`. If a [`trackBy`](api/common/NgForOf#ngForTrackBy) function is not provided, the selected `<option>` will not be displayed when the array used by the `NgForOf` changes after a value is selected.
```
Small edits to the text:
- remove the "form control" wording since that can be a bit confusing and not always the case (for example, just using a binding to value `[value]="someVal"` isn't a form control but still has this problem
- indicate that this only happens if the array changes after a value is selected

Reviewer: 👍  LGTM

* If selecting the native `<option>` element in a `<select>` where the `<option>`s are created via `*ngFor`, use the `[selected]` property of an `<option>` instead of binding to the `[value]` property of the `<select>` element (previously, you could bind to either.) [details](guide/ivy-compatibility-examples#select-value-binding)

* Embedded views (such as ones created by `*ngFor`) are now inserted in front of anchor DOM comment node (e.g. `<!--ng-for-of-->`) rather than behind it as was the case previously.

>   In most cases this does not have any impact on rendered DOM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In most cases this has no impact on rendered DOM.
```
For clarity.

>   In some cases (such as animations delaying the removal of an embedded view) any new embedded views will be inserted after the embedded view being animated away.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In some cases (such as animations delaying the removal of an embedded view) any new embedded views will be inserted after the embedded view being animated away.
```
Unclear. "after the embedded view being animated away" is confusing. Is the embedded view going away? Please reword.

Author: reworded

>   This difference only last while the animation is active, and might alter the visual appearance of the animation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This difference only lasts while the animation is active, and might alter the visual appearance of the animation.
```

>   Once the animation is finished the resulting rendered DOM is identical to that rendered with View Engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When the animation is finished, the resulting rendered DOM is identical to that rendered with View Engine.
```
For clarity.
